Re-writing step-CE for improved flow and logic (#574)
POSYDON-code/POSYDON: docs/_source/components-overview/pop_syn/population_params.rst

  * - ``common_envelope_option_after_succ_CEE``
    - | The option for handling the system after a successful common envelope ejection.
     
      * ``'core_replaced_noMT'`` : core replaced, no mass transfer
      * ``'core_not_replaced_stableMT'`` : core not replaced, stable mass transfer
      * ``'core_not_replaced_windloss'`` : core not replaced, wind loss

>     - ``'core_not_replaced_stableMT'``

Reviewer: We could add the comment too ": core not replaced (to the postCEE), but no orbital change for the lost mass in order to go to the core before the step CE"

Reviewer 2: The option 'core_not_replaced_noMT' is removed, as the statement that this won't change the orbit is wrong. In the old prescription we conserved the orbital period, hence we instantaneously changed the position and velocity of the stars. By the way, that's the reason why this option got removed as it causes an orbit change nevertheless.

Author: We will explicitly discuss this with the collaboration during Friday's meeting, but this was a decision that @mkruckow, @tassos25, and I made after some discussion amongst ourselves. Resolving this conversation,

>       * ``'one_phase_variable_core_definition'`` : core replaced, no mass transfer
>       * ``'two_phases_stableMT'`` : core not replaced, stable mass transfer
>       * ``'two_phases_windloss'`` : core not replaced, wind loss

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      * ``'one_phase_variable_core_definition'`` : lose mass till the variable core definition (see ``core_definition_H_fraction``/``core_definition_He_fraction``) with the given ``prescription``; no mass transfer (use this defined core mass as the stripped remnant mass)
      * ``'two_phases_stableMT'`` : first lose mass till the variable core definition (see ``core_definition_H_fraction``/``core_definition_He_fraction``) with the given ``prescription``; second have a stable, but fully non-conservative mass transfer from the core to the companion until stripped to the core defined in MESA; in the case of a double CE redirect to ``'two_phases_windloss'``
      * ``'two_phases_windloss'`` : first lose mass till the variable core definition (see ``core_definition_H_fraction``/``core_definition_He_fraction``) with the given ``prescription``; second lose the mass remaining mass above the core defined in MESA as a fast wind
```
